[RHDEVDOCS-3620] Document the ability to name a service binding connector (#42632)
openshift/openshift-docs: applications/connecting_applications_to_services/odc-connecting-an-application-to-a-service-using-the-developer-perspective.adoc

.Procedure
. Switch to the *Developer* perspective and ensure that you are in the appropriate project, for example, `my-petclinic`. In the *Topology* view, hover over the Spring PetClinic sample application to see a dangling arrow on the node.

> . Click and drag the arrow towards the *hippo* database Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application. A *Create Service Binding* modal appears.

Reviewer: modal > model?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click and drag the arrow towards the *hippo* database [in the?] Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application. A *Create Service Binding* [model?] appears.
```

Author: @rolfedh Thanks for the suggestion. I'll accept the "in the" part to change. And it is actually "modal" I confirmed it with the SME (@divyanshiGupta and @debsmita1) on this.

Reviewer: The word "Modal" appears only once in our OpenShift documentation repo. Modal seems like shorthand for modal dialog box, a term our customer aren't familiar with. Perhaps another term that describes this UI element would be appropriate. Maybe it is a "dialog box"?

Reviewer: Oops. The IBM SG guidance has changed:

Write as shown to refer to a secondary window where a user enters information. Do not use "dialog" or
"dialogue box". Use "dialog box" only if the audience is familiar with and expects that terminology. Otherwise,
use "window".

Author: @rolfedh Seems fair, then using "dialog box" would be more appropriate here. Thanks!

> .. Enter the name, click *Create*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Enter the name and click *Create*.
```
